"Reversed" in a way, all that, in one way, that "reversed" and Loh Yum said, "This period of this
time was really like the period of the practice of time, practice of time, and that, therefore,
realization will come."
He said, "Look to the, I mean, don't have to say this too much, read that in pupils, pupils. This
time, many pupils have a lot of renunciation, a lot of devotion, both each other, both each other,
and they're really so eager, interested in how many pupils practice and how many pupils are eager
to practice.
And so, therefore, this realization period is now." And he really started, again, with change and
interpreted slightly different ways.
I mean, so, this is generally the kind of way to explain. But, however, time goes, not always go
better. Better is always generated, degenerated.
That's how the circles go up and down, and that's just the situation of this time.
So, therefore, I mean, here, as this parent says, "Because..."
And so, this is the, that's what it is. So, now, here, yes, it's set here, it's set, and it's at
the end of the degeneration.
So, therefore, at that time, due to the power of the bad karma and bad action, therefore, then
there's always the experience,
a lot of sufferings by the individualist or the certain beings.
"Then I'm not going to give anything very much to think of all the spiritual degeneration, those
who are going to go through pain and sufferings, and through your kindness."
Watch, through your compassion, watch and look to these beings, and then give me some teaching and
prayers that it will, that prayer can protect the sufferings of those
who are, who are going to suffer.
"But I'm not going to give anything very much to think of all the spiritual degeneration, because I
'm not going to give anything very much to think of all the spiritual degeneration."
"I'm going to give something to you."
And then listen.
Is his name, the prince's name.
"I'm going to give something to you."
And listen, he said, "There's not hot, hot, hot calamity, that the jajjic blend will never come. It
is a strength. It is a strength."
And then jajjic is, most of the time, is a blend. I think wine, wine, or what's it called, krapal,
krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, k
rapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal, krapal.
"It grows with the other planets, plants of trees."
It is wine, or wine, like that, and so, in the way, it is used for the oral medicines, but also
more than that, they use to color the ropes, it has red color.
And all the, like, those red colors in Tibetan fabrics, the woolen fabrics, that's the way they use
these two colors.
So, if that color won't grow, I think high altitude, we see this in Southern Tibet, and so here,
when somebody used example,
"If there is no hard calamities, the power of the jacik plant will never come."
And similarly, if there is no farmland of the devotion of the pet, then there is no spark sprout,
sprout of the enlightenment never grows, or will never grow,
if there is no field of the pet, or the devotion.
"And the trust and confidence have to be to the three jewels."
Or, if you don't have the trust and the confidence to the three jewels, the blessings will be
distant.
That means, if we have the trust and the confidence to the three jewels, the blessing is very close
.
And again, furthermore, listen, please.
If you don't have the trust and the confidence to the three jewels, then you will never be able to
see them again.
And all the brothers and brothers that got enlightenment is the only purpose, to benefit from all
the beings.
Therefore, their activities, beneficial activities, are continuing on season.
However, due to the powers and strength of the five poisons, saturated to these beings of citrines,
all this ego-clinking and ego-clinking is so powerful, and with the five poisons, it is saturated
and so strongly desolate to these beings of citrines.
Even the brothers and brothers that were continually working and helping benefit from all the
beings,
yet they cannot completely empty out of these suffering and difficulties of the beings.
The power of the negative, the power of the negative, the power of the negative, the power of the
negative.
And the prince yourself, and even the prince, yourself and you like to help to your children, or
your princess, or your children,
and as well as all subject of dividends, that you like to help and protect from the sufferings.
If you like to help, first yourself, develop unfailable confidence or the trusty of the devotion,
or unfailable devotion that you must develop in your heart, and then with that confidence, with
that devotion,
you must rely your heart absolutely to the three jewels.